In today's analyses/comparison/ what if super mario video we are going to look at the origin, secrets, timeline, story, lore, mysteries and history of the koopalings from the super mario games made by nintendo. The classic koopalings that have always helped out bowser and bowser jr. They have been seen in games like new super mario bros, super mario world, mario kart 8, mario & luigi paper jam, Super Smash Bros, Paper Mario Color Splash and a lot more. However they have never been seen in any of the 3d games like the broodals and bowser jr, those were seen in games like super mario sunshine, super mario galaxy, super mario 3d world, super mario 3d land, super mario odyssey and a lot more. Now what would happen if the koopalings like ludwig, lemmy and others would help bowser take over the mushroom kingdom, kidnap princess peach and stop mario, luigi, toad and the others? In what ways would there boss battle change for example? Well let's find out----Today we are going to look at beta easter eggs, secrets, mysteries, features, enemies, areas, map, levels, ghost houses, bosses, final bosses, music from super mario 3d land for the nintendo 3ds. his is one of the mario games with many others in the series like super mario bros 3, super mario world, super mario 64, super mario sunshine, super mario galaxy, super mario 3d world, paper mario, mario party, mario and luigi, new super mario bros wii and the new super mario odyssey for the nintendo switch. These games have been released on a ton of consoles like the wii, 3ds, nintendo switch, gameboy, gamecube, n64 and a lot more We get to these hidden gems by using glitches, hacks, cheats and looking through the files. And this game has a ton of unused/early build/ beta content that would have a huge impact on mario, princess peach, luigi, boom boom, bowser and everyone else!
